cleanup locking, add named mutex and make cache atomically (#1212)
owncloud/ocis: changelog/unreleased/account-locking.md

Enhancement: remove locking from accounts service

> Tags: ocis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags: accounts, ocis-pkg
```

> In the past we locked every request in the accounts service. This is problematic as soon as we start to hammer the system with many users at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past we locked every request in the accounts service. This is problematic as soon as a larger number of concurrent requests arrives at the accounts service.
```

The locking is now removed from the accounts service and is moved to the indexer.

Instead of doing locking for reads and writes we now differentiate them by using a named RWLock. 

- remove locking from accounts service
- add a cached named rwlock pkg
- use sync.map in the cache pkg
- use named rwlock in indexer pkg
- use sync.map in indexer pkg

> https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/issues/966

Reviewer: Could you add the link of the PR as well? https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/pull/1212

Author: done
